---
layout:     post   				    # 使用的布局（不需要改）
title:      Angular.js 与每日记录				# 标题 
subtitle:   Studying Git #副标题
date:       2019-03-15 				# 时间
author:     Haiming 						# 作者
header-img: img/post-bg-2015.jpg 	#这篇文章标题背景图片
catalog: true 						# 是否归档
tags:								#标签
    - 编程
    - 日常
    - 记录
    - 学习
    - VSM
---

# Today's record:
1. In Angular, the basic logic is that one component/one thing is composed of one .js file and one .html file .The .js file contains functions of the thing , and the .html file contains apperance of the thing. One is logic, one is apperaence
2. 

# 1. VSM
VSM is a tool to analyse the whole process line. To draw a VSM ,first thing is to figure out the original process of production line, including all the processes such as from the shipping part and then every part we need in the process.

Then , we need to analyse through some methods , such as proccesses can change to flow production, supermarket pull, Kanban pull ,FIFO and others, like reduce the stock in inventory.

The third part is to draw a "future ideal VSM" ,and improve the process line through it.

# 2.What VSM can improve?
The main difference between the former one and the improved one is to 
1. Find out the link which can add value to the production and which can not
2. Cut down the production which can not add value as much as possible ,such as C/O 
3. Improve the sequence stream in the process which is possible to improve 
3. Eliminate the abnormal and unnecessary, Reduce the non-value added but necessary, Put the value-added processes in a natural flow sequence
# 3.What kind of chart users want?
To analyse, the maior thing to compare the time cut down on the whole process line. 

But in the promoted chart, it is impossible to analyse only one process before and after, because it maybe changed, deleted or combined, so the major chart is the time cut down. What's more, it is difference